Changes
MANIFEST
Makefile.PL
README
lib/SOAP/Lite.pm                   Main SOAP::Lite module
lib/SOAP/Test.pm                   Simple test framework
lib/SOAP/Transport/HTTP.pm         HTTP transport, client and server
lib/SOAP/Transport/MAILTO.pm       SMTP/sendmail transport, client
lib/SOAP/Transport/POP3.pm         POP3 transport, server
lib/SOAP/Transport/LOCAL.pm        LOCAL transport, client and server
lib/SOAP/Transport/TCP.pm          TCP transport, client and server
lib/UDDI/Lite.pm                   Main UDDI::Lite module
bin/SOAPsh.pl                      SOAP shell
bin/stubmaker.pl                   Script for creating stubs from schema description
examples/allclients.pl             Different client implementations
examples/soapmark.pl               Simple test for different implementations
examples/tcpclient.pl              Simple test for local TCP client
examples/chat.pl                   Client side for Chat implementation 
examples/iterator.pl               Example for Session/Persistent iterators
examples/parametersbyname.pl       Example for passing parameters-by-name 
examples/authentication.pl         Example for Basic/Digest server authentication
examples/autoexamples.pl           Script for My::Examples with autodispatching
examples/pingpong.pl               Example for local/remote access to the same object
examples/soapsmtp.pl               Example for SMTP/sendmail message sending
examples/cookie.pl                 Fortune cookie for you
examples/oo-apache.pl              Example of object interoperability
examples/oneliners                 Couple of one-line SOAP calls
examples/XML/customxml.pl          Example for XML processing (SOAP::Custom::XML)
examples/SOAP/simple1.pl           Example for SOAP interface
examples/SOAP/simple2.pl           Example for SOAP interface
examples/SOAP/Transport/HTTP/ForkingDaemon.pm   
examples/server/soap.cgi           SOAP server, CGI implementation
examples/server/soap.daemon        SOAP server, daemon implementation
examples/server/soap.forkingdaemon SOAP server, forking daemon implementation
examples/server/soap.pop3          SOAP server, POP3 implementation
examples/server/soap.tcp           SOAP server, TCP implementation
examples/server/soap.mod_cgi       SOAP server, Apache::Registry implementation
examples/server/soap.io            SOAP server, IO implementation
examples/server/soap.asp           SOAP server, ASP implementation
examples/server/soap.vbs           SOAP server, VB running Daemon implementation
examples/server/Apache.pm          Module for SOAP server, mod_perl implementation
examples/WSDL/stub1.pl             Example for WSDL stub interface
examples/WSDL/stub2.pl             Example for WSDL stub interface
examples/WSDL/stub3.pl             Example for WSDL stub interface
examples/WSDL/dynamic1.pl          Example for WSDL dynamic interface
examples/WSDL/dynamic2.pl          Example for WSDL dynamic interface
examples/WSDL/dynamic3.pl          Example for WSDL dynamic interface
examples/UDDI/simple1.pl           Example for UDDI interface
examples/UDDI/simple2.pl           Example for UDDI interface
examples/UDDI/publish1.pl          Example for UDDI publishing interface
examples/UDDI/inquire1.pl          Example for UDDI inquire interface
examples/UDDI/syntax1.pl           Example for UDDI publishing interface
examples/UDDI/syntax2.pl           Example for UDDI publishing interface
examples/UDDI/syntax3.pl           Example for UDDI publishing interface
examples/COM/README                Examples and description for COM interface
examples/forms/style.html          Example for form-data parsing, client side
examples/forms/style.cgi           Example for form-data parsing, server side
examples/My/Chat.pm                Module with Chat server implementation 
examples/My/Examples.pm            Module with Examples backend
examples/My/PingPong.pm            Module with PingPong backend
examples/My/Parameters.pm          Module with Paramaters backend
examples/My/SessionIterator.pm     Module with Session Iterator backend
examples/My/PersistentIterator.pm  Module with Persistent Iterator backend